Fix the bottom navigation bar overlapping content across the app.

PROBLEM:
The fixed/sticky bottom navigation menu is covering the bottom portion of pages, making the last components/buttons/content impossible to fully see or scroll to.

REQUIREMENT:
The bottom navigation must remain fixed at the bottom of the viewport, but page content must ALWAYS have enough bottom spacing/padding so that the last element can be scrolled completely above the navigation bar.

IMPLEMENTATION:

1. Inspect the existing bottom navigation component and determine its actual rendered height.

2. Keep the bottom navigation fixed at the bottom:
   position: fixed;
   bottom: 0;
   left: 0;
   right: 0;

3. Add a global/app-level bottom padding to the scrollable page content equivalent to:

   bottom navigation height + safe-area spacing

   Do NOT simply add an arbitrary large padding value.

4. Support mobile safe areas using:

   padding-bottom: calc(var(--bottom-nav-height) + env(safe-area-inset-bottom));

5. Define a reusable CSS variable, for example:

   --bottom-nav-height: 72px;

   Adjust this value to match the actual navigation height.

6. Make sure the bottom padding is applied to the ACTUAL scrolling container.

IMPORTANT:
Do not add padding only to individual pages. Fix this at the shared layout/app-shell level so it works consistently across:
- Home
- CocheTalk
- Search
- Notifications
- Profile
- Settings
- Any other page using the bottom navigation.

7. Make sure the bottom navigation itself accounts for the device safe area:

   padding-bottom: env(safe-area-inset-bottom);

8. Ensure the navigation does NOT increase the page's scrollable content incorrectly or create a second scrollbar.

9. Check for pages/components using:
   height: 100vh;
   min-height: 100vh;
   overflow: hidden;
   overflow-y: auto;

   These can cause the bottom portion of content to become inaccessible when combined with a fixed navigation bar. Correct them where necessary.

10. If the app has a shared page/content wrapper, structure it approximately like:

   App
   ├── Scrollable Content
   │   └── padding-bottom: bottom-nav-height + safe area
   │
   └── Fixed Bottom Navigation

11. IMPORTANT:
The user must be able to scroll until the VERY LAST component on every page is completely visible and clickable above the bottom navigation.

12. Do not remove the bottom navigation.
13. Do not change its design or behavior.
14. Do not hide content behind it.
15. Do not solve this by reducing the navigation height.

RESPONSIVE:
Test on:
- Small mobile screens
- Normal mobile screens
- Large mobile screens
- Tablet
- Desktop

Also account for iPhone safe-area/home-indicator spacing.

AFTER IMPLEMENTATION:
- Navigate through every page using the bottom navigation.
- Scroll to the very bottom of each page.
- Confirm the final component/button can be completely seen and clicked.
- Confirm there is no unwanted horizontal/vertical overflow.
- Confirm there is only one scrollable page area.
- Run the build/type-check and fix any errors.